EPISODE 25
Hello, Weiwei? What's wrong, Weiwei?
Nothing. I have to go.
Hello?
Let's leave early today.
Move your stuff to my apartment,
and I'll move to my parents' place.
I can do it myself.
Are you sure?
Absolutely.
They do live together.
We meet again, Luwei Weiwei.
Zhenshui Wuxiang?
That's my handle.
My name is Zhen Shaoxiang.
You can call me Shaoxiang.
Where are you going? I'll give you a ride.
It's okay. I can go by myself.
It's all right.
We had some misunderstanding in the game,
but I think we're still friends.
It's not about the game.
I just hate to trouble others.
Thank you.
All right, I won't insist.
By the way, what's your real name?
I can't call you Luwei Weiwei
next time I see you.
That's so out of character.
I don't think we'll meet again.
I do.
The thing is, Zhao Erxi already told me
your real name.
How else would I know you live here?
She told you my surname is Lu?
So, your surname is Lu.
Of course.
Why are you laughing?
Let me give you a ride.
It'll take you forever by foot.
It's okay. I'm going to my boyfriend's.
It's not appropriate to ride with you.
Your boyfriend? Xiao Nai?
He came to my office
to ask for investment,
but they're an immature student team.
If I remember correctly,
your company is Zhenyi Tech?
Mr. Zhen, on the company level,
Zhiyi and Zhenyi
are competing for the right to develop
"A New Chinese Ghost Story."
That proves the two companies
are of the same caliber.
On the personal level,
my boyfriend is the head programmer
and head strategist of Zhiyi Tech.
I wonder what function
you serve in Zhenyi.
On behalf of my boyfriend,
I thank you
for withholding the investment.
The exact same attitude as in the game.
Interesting.
I emptied half the closet for you.
Help yourself.
I'll settle in when you're done.
Are you really going to give me your room?
I have no confidence in my self-control.
Thankfully I can stay
at my parents' place,
otherwise I'd have to sleep
in the office.
Help me clean up.
I'll get a mop.
Okay. Thanks. I got it.
The plumber will be here tomorrow.
I'm so glad these boxes are okay.
Otherwise, your Professor Xiao would cry
for three days.
I think Professor Xiao would cry
for three days,
because you speak of him like that.
What do we do with these?
Pack them up and put them in my place.
Put the handwritten manuscripts in a bag.
Okay.
Don't worry. Your Wu Guanzhongs are fine.
So are your Xu Beihongs.
Yes, they've all been put away.
I'll keep them at my place off-campus.
Okay.
Where do we put these?
Put them in the closet for now,
since there's nowhere else.
You said, you'd sleep in the office,
if you couldn't stay at
your parents' place.
So, where will you stay tonight?
I don't mind sleeping in the office,
but these paintings
are my parents' precious collections.
I can't let anything happen to them.
I'm worried with you here alone.
- So?
- I'll stay and keep an eye on them.
This could be the two of us
several decades from now. I like it.
Here's the update!
Today, Coffee's eating regularly
and pooping regularly.
He's just a bit sluggish.
He keeps gazing out of the window,
probably missing you.
I have successfully won Coffee over.
We're now besties forever.
Coffee's off-screen line is,
"Dissing Ms. Erxi is dissing me.
I sneer at you!"
Are you still mad at me?
It was my bad.
I'll wait for you
at the same place in the game.
I'll let you kill me a hundred times.
Will that do?
Are you still mad at me?
It was my bad.
I'll wait for you
at the same place in the game.
I'll let you kill me a hundred times.
Will that do?
Coffee...
your poop-scooper
has shut us out for real.
Women are so troublesome.
Oh, yeah!
I still have a score to settle.
I nearly forgot.
Yiran, did you delete the video
on my phone?
No. Why?
That's odd.
How did the video on my phone just vanish?
By the way, how did Xiao Nai react
to the video?
- I don't know.
- You don't?
No. He asked me where it was shot.
When was it shot? I told him everything.
Then he made me delete the video
on my phone.
- That's it?
- Yes, that's it.
What does he think about it now?
Has he seen through
Bei Weiwei's pretense?
Wait, now we don't have a copy
of the video anymore.
He's seen it already.
I'm sure he'll get it.
They might be breaking up, as we speak.
Why is Cao Guang calling me?
Hello? What do you want, Cao Guang?
Tomorrow morning at ten,
come to the school south gate
with Meng Yiran.
What's this attitude?
You think you can summon us?
Who do you think you are?
You secretly filmed me, spread the video,
and smeared a fellow student's name.
What do you think that makes you?
If I don't see you two tomorrow morning,
you'll suffer the consequences.
Hey! Hello? Hello?
What do we do now, Yiran?
I hear Cao Guang's family is powerful.
Is he going to get back at us?
It was wrong of you to secretly film him,
but your intention wasn't bad.
If he's reasonable,
he won't give you a hard time.
How did Cao Guang find out
it was me who shot the video?
Did Xiao Nai tell him?
That's right! Why didn't I think of it?
Xiao Nai must have confirmed it
with Cao Guang.
Nana, he believes me!
It's hard evidence.
Why wouldn't he believe you?
I wonder what kind of spell
Bei Weiwei has them under.
I can't believe I only thought of it now.
I'm so stupid.
Is Cao Guang demanding to meet with us,
because he's humiliated?
He's been duped by a girl,
and his love rival confronted him.
He must be utterly humiliated.
I guess so.
It's okay. When he gets here,
you just apologize to him.
It should be fine.
Cao Guang, you asked to meet with us,
yet you're late.
You made us wait under the scorching sun.
You're so mean!
You should know I'm here
to settle the score, right?
Don't use that tone with me.
That's how I always talk.
It was wrong of me to film you secretly,
but I didn't do it on purpose.
It was happenstance.
Fine. I apologize, okay?
Please be the bigger person
and forgive me.
Cao Guang, what Nana did was wrong,
but her intention was good.
She just didn't want you and Xiao Nai
to be duped.
Meng Yiran,
you're into Xiao Nai, right?
You want to steal Xiao Nai
from Bei Weiwei.
It has nothing to do with my feelings.
I just don't want to see
you guys be duped.
Quit making self-aggrandizing excuses.
You know perfectly well
why you're doing this.
And, no matter how hard you try,
Xiao Nai would never fall for
a stupid person like you.
Is this how you talk to a girl?
You should be so glad you're girls.
Why else would I
let you off the hook so easily?
End this now, Nana, and I'll let it go.
I'm warning you, watch your mouths.
If I hear any more hurtful rumors
about Bei Weiwei,
I'll make you pay,
even if they don't come from you.
So, it's still about Bei Weiwei!
I'm surprised a genius like you
would be such a fool in lust.
Who knew you'd continue to defend the name
of a two-timing girl?
Didn't you hear what I just said?
You were the one who said
she's a two-timer, not me.
It's a case of mistaken identity.
Mistaken identity?
It wasn't Bei Weiwei? Who was it then?
It has nothing to do with you.
Just remember, watch your mouths.
- Otherwise, you'll get it.
- Hey...
You've been warned.
Also, you can court guys,
but using those dirty tricks
makes you crass, don't you think?
You're not going to work this afternoon?
Our progress is good.
So, no more working overtime.
Are you shooing me away?
Why would I do that?
I just don't want to distract you
from your your work.
Get your laptop and sit down next to me.
Okay.
I'm surprised to see you again.
Do you remember this place, Luwei?
I think this is where
we first took on an outdoor boss,
after we became an in-game couple.
We were outnumbered
and likely to be annihilated.
You exploded in the end
and saved our team.
You werealways charging ahead,
when we went to an instance dungeon.
You never needed any looking-after.
I do miss the time
when we fought side by side.
Thinking back on it now,
you've were always my best partner.
If I don't say these things in the game,
I'd never be able to tell you in person.
Weiwei? Are you there?
Did you get kicked offline?
Luwei Weiwei,
I took what we had for granted.
After all this, I finally realized
what kind of a girl is best for me.
People make mistakes.
I've made my share, too.
If possible,
I wish none of it ever happened,
but it's not too late now.
Will you give me a chance to start over?
Please?
I am Yixiao Naihe.
What's going on?
Chasing nostalgia.
Zhenshui Wuxiang must be fuming now.
You ran into him yesterday?
I did.
He somehow got the address out of Erxi.
He was waiting for me outside
and lied that he knew my name.
I know Erxi well.
However mad she may be at me,
she'd never sell me out.
So I asked him a trick question,
and his game was up.
Why didn't you tell me?
I forgot, since I resolved it too easily.
The missus has indeed been asked out
all her life.
You should tell me anyway.
For the sake of fairness,
you should do the same.
It is rather easy to forget. Never-mind.
Why do I somehow feel like,
I'm what they called
a beauty who brings disaster?
I have the worst luck with men.
Yes, thankfully I took you in.
So, Yixiao Naihe is Xiao Nai.
So what, if he's the head programmer
and head strategist of Zhiyi Tech?
To me, he's nothing!
Did you read the documents I gave you?
You should know, we can sue your friend
with those documents.
Your friend's future
will be completely destroyed.
There may be prison time, too.
What do you want?
If you work with us,
get us what we want,
we can decide not to go to court.
You think too highly of me.
All of Xiao Nai's core code
is secured
with a 128-digit encryption key.
I would never be able to crack it.
If you can provide other information,
we'll gladly take it.
How can you guarantee
Zhenyi won't press charges?
Aside from this,
you have no other options.
Fine.
But, even if I tell you this,
you'd still have no chance.
Where there is a will, there is a way.
How's the situation with Zhiyi?
The guy said, there is a critical flaw
with Zhiyi's game.
It takes up too much RAM,
when the game is running,
but Xiao Nai is working
on an optimization tool.
Once it's done and applied to the game,
it can drastically reduce
the RAM taken up.
Can he do it?
It's likely.
It'll be done by September 15.
Well... We can't let them succeed.
But our guy isn't in a key position.
He can't do much sabotage.
It's a dead-end with Zhiyi.
What if Fengteng moves up the demo date?
That's right. Our demo is already done.
- I'll see what I can do, Mr. Zhen.
- Okay.
Hi, Mr. Zhen.
Dad, are we competing for the right
to develop "A New Chinese Ghost Story"?
You can go.
It's the weekend.
What brings Young Master Zhen
to the office?
Dad, I'm serious.
Are we competing for the right to develop
"A New Chinese Ghost Story"?
How long have you worked here?
You've only become curious now?
I have a question for you.
When will you finally settle down
and help me manage the company?
Now's the time!
Dad, I want to be onboard.
I promise, I'll beat Zhiyi Tech,
and get the project.
You? Don't make trouble for me.
Why would you say that, Dad?
I've played "A Chinese Ghost Story"
since the beginning.
Who else here
knows more about this game than me?
I must join the team.
I have to crush Xiao Nai.
- Are you serious?
- I couldn't be more serious, Dad.
Good, my son has finally grown up.
We paid you so much money,
and this is what you produce?
Mr. Zhen,
how would you like us to improve?
Have you ever played
"A Chinese Ghost Story"?
Yes.
- For how long?
- Mostly more than a year.
How have you played it?
You log in every day, for a few minutes?
As a seasoned player
of "A Chinese Ghost Story,"
I'm telling you,
your demo has no draw for me whatsoever,
not to mention attracting new players.
The character design is mediocre.
The skill sets are ambiguous.
The scenes are crude.
I don't see any creativity.
What would you like to do, Mr. Zhen?
I've played this game for years.
I have my own observations and ideas.
Make changes based on my feedback.
Mr. Zhen, the demo is in a month.
If we make changes now,
we could run out of time.
I don't want to hear it.
I'll quintuple the overtime pay.
If we're shorthanded,
hire more people immediately.
All of our players are very young.
What the heck is this?
Young Master has been modest
about his talents.
He's now displaying a demeanor
very much like you, Mr. Zhen.
Mr. Zhen, you've done a great job
with Young Master. He will go far.
What's your progress?
A great opportunity came up,
and I seized it.
It worked out perfectly. Mr. Zhen...
Nicely done.
But, some of Young Master's ideas
might not be realized in time.
He has plenty of opportunities.
When we get the project,
he'll have all the time in the world
to do it.
But, we can't let him in on the plan.
I don't want to affect his mood.
I understand.
- Let's go.
- After you.
Why isn't Nai back yet? I'm starving!
Mei,
Nai isn't back with my food yet.
I'm starving. Do you have any snacks?
There are nuts in the drawer.
Help yourself.
- Thanks.
- Go ahead.
REAL ESTATE PURCHASE AGREEMENT
What are you up to?
What's this?
Real estate purchase agreement?
Two of them?
Paid off all at once!
What are you doing?
What's this?
It's mine. Give it back.
Come take a look at this calculating boy!
Hao Mei has something to tell us.
What's this?
- Two apartments!
- Two!
Calculating boy,
why didn't you tell me
you went and robbed a bank?
That's right, Mei!
How much lottery prize money
have you got left?
Buy us each a home!
Mei, you're stinking rich,
yet you hide among us the proletariat.
Whatever for?
No!
Brothers, we're now a harmonious society,
where reason is king.
Don't... get violent with me.
K.O.! Help...
Get out of there!
K.O., we're the same class of people.
- You can't oppose the people.
- Right!
- That's right!
- What's this? They're bullying Mr. Girly?
Let's take a look.
Get him out of the way.
Stinky Girly!
How could you do this to me, Hao Mei?
Back in college,
you were stinking rich, yet you borrowed
money from a poor student like me!
You borrowed a lot,
and did you ever repay me?
You think I wanted to do that?
I was really poor!
Back then, I applied for QU
behind my dad's back.
I lived off of 600 RMB a month.
Had I known Capital City had Nai
and sandstorms, I wouldn't have come!
I don't care! Get him!
- Get him!
I'll treat you...
Mr. Hao Mei thinks highly of you.
He compared you to sandstorms.
Give this to Yugong, and tell Hao Mei,
I'll remember that.
NEW UPDATE ON DEMO DATE
FENGTENG TECHNOLOGY
Guys, I discovered
a great hot pot place nearby.
The food's delicious
and reasonably priced.
No way! If we had cheap hot pot,
it'd be an insult to Mei's two apartments.
- Right!
- We must pick the most expensive place!
What would you like to eat, Ms. Weiwei?
Anywhere expensive is fine?
Hey... There's not a kind soul among you.
Let's have seafood. It's the priciest.
It'll easily cost a few grand.
It's perfect for his stinking rich status.
Seafood, it is. How about
the late-night eatery nearby?
You settle too easily! Don't you know
what's posh, classy, and primo?
An eatery is beneath him.
- Don't you agree, Mei?
- So true!
- That's right!
- Yes!
Nai, you're a man of the world.
Pick a place and get a feast out of Mei.
Meeting in the conference room
in five minutes.
Subtitle translation by Lu Yuhan